Free hardware license

1 Definitions

In this Licence, the following terms have the following meanings:
 
“Documentation” means schematic diagrams, designs, circuit or circuit
board layouts, mechanical drawings, flow charts and descriptive text,
and other explanatory material that is explicitly stated as being made
available under the conditions of this Licence. The Documentation may
be in any medium, including but not limited to computer files and
representations on paper, film, or any other media.

“Product” means either an entire, or any part of a, device built using
the Documentation or the modified Documentation.

2 Applicability

2.1 The Licensee may copy, modify, communicate to the public and distribute
verbatim copies of the Documentation, in any medium.

2.2 The Licensee may communicate to the public and distribute the
modified Documentation (thereby in addition to being a Licensee also
becoming a Licensor), always provided that he shall:

a) license the modified Documentation under the terms and conditions
of this Licence or, where applicable, a later version of this Licence
as may be issued by Flatmax Pty Ltd.

3 Warranty and liability

3.1 DISCLAIMER – The Documentation any modified Documentation and
any product  are provided "as is" and any express or implied warranties,
including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, of 
satisfactory quality, non-infringement of third party rights, and fitness for a
particular purpose or use are disclaimed in respect of the
Documentation, the modified Documentation or any Product. The Licensor
makes no representation that the Documentation, modified
Documentation, or any Product, does or will not infringe any patent,
copyright, trade secret or other proprietary right. The entire risk as
to the use, quality, and performance of a Product shall be with the
Licensee and not the Licensor. This disclaimer of warranty is an
essential part of this Licence and a condition for the grant of any
rights granted under this Licence. The Licensee warrants that it does
not act in a consumer capacity.

3.2 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY – The Licensor shall have no liability
for direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary,
punitive or other damages of any character including, without
limitation, procurement of substitute goods or services, loss of use,
data or profits, or business interruption, however caused and on any
theory of contract, warranty, tort (including negligence), product
liability or otherwise, arising in any way in relation to the
Documentation, modified Documentation and/or the use, manufacture or
distribution of a Product, even if advised of the possibility of such
damages, and the Licensee shall hold the Licensor(s) free and harmless
from any liability, costs, damages, fees and expenses, including
claims by third parties, in relation to such use.



